Mobile Developer | Backend systems & APIs Software engineer with 6.9 years of experience across web, backend, and cloud systems. Strong fundamentals in software development and system design. I've worked across web frontends, REST APIs, and cloud deployments; comfortable in most parts of a typical SaaS stack. I've been keeping up with AI/ML at a self-learner level — taken some online courses, played with the OpenAI and Anthropic APIs, built a small RAG side project — but I haven't done it in a professional capacity yet. Open to roles where I can either deepen my software engineering work or, if the team is open to it, start contributing to ML-adjacent systems. Mobile Developer Hooli Toronto Mobile Developer Hooli Test automation and QA engineering for a fintech product. Built and maintained the end-to-end test suite using Selenium and pytest, plus the load-testing setup using Locust. Worked closely with developers on testability patterns and with product on acceptance criteria. Recent work has been on shifting test responsibility into the dev team — moving from QA-as-gate to QA-as-coach. Career has been entirely in QA/test engineering. Cloud Engineer Stark Industries Android mobile development using Java and (more recently) Kotlin at a consumer-app company. Built and maintained multiple production features including the main shopping flow, push notification system, and the offline-first sync layer. Comfortable with the Android framework, Jetpack components, and the typical patterns (MVVM, Hilt, Coroutines). My career has been entirely on mobile so far; interested in expanding into broader backend or platform engineering. Full Stack Developer Stark Industries Android mobile development using Java and (more recently) Kotlin at a consumer-app company. Built and maintained multiple production features including the main shopping flow, push notification system, and the offline-first sync layer. Comfortable with the Android framework, Jetpack components, and the typical patterns (MVVM, Hilt, Coroutines). My career has been entirely on mobile so far; interested in expanding into broader backend or platform engineering. gRPC Photoshop TypeScript Hugging Face Transformers Semantic Search YOLO Apache Flink Vue.js RV College of Engineering M.E. Data Science Chandigarh University B.E. Data Science