Full Stack Developer | Backend systems & APIs Software engineer with 7.3 years of experience across web, backend, and cloud systems. Strong fundamentals in software development and system design. I've spent most of my career on web and API development — Python/Django and Node.js mostly. I've been keeping up with AI/ML at a self-learner level — taken some online courses, played with the OpenAI and Anthropic APIs, built a small RAG side project — but I haven't done it in a professional capacity yet. Open to roles where I can either deepen my software engineering work or, if the team is open to it, start contributing to ML-adjacent systems. Full Stack Developer Razorpay Indore, Madhya Pradesh Full Stack Developer Razorpay Test automation and QA engineering for a fintech product. Built and maintained the end-to-end test suite using Selenium and pytest, plus the load-testing setup using Locust. Worked closely with developers on testability patterns and with product on acceptance criteria. Recent work has been on shifting test responsibility into the dev team — moving from QA-as-gate to QA-as-coach. Career has been entirely in QA/test engineering. .NET Developer Flipkart Test automation and QA engineering for a fintech product. Built and maintained the end-to-end test suite using Selenium and pytest, plus the load-testing setup using Locust. Worked closely with developers on testability patterns and with product on acceptance criteria. Recent work has been on shifting test responsibility into the dev team — moving from QA-as-gate to QA-as-coach. Career has been entirely in QA/test engineering. Mobile Developer Cognizant Java backend development at a large enterprise — Spring Boot microservices, Kafka for inter-service messaging, Postgres + Redis for storage. Worked on the customer onboarding flow which involved orchestrating multiple downstream services. Solid on the Spring ecosystem, transaction handling, and the operational side of Java services. Looking to either go deeper on distributed systems or expand into modern application stacks. Cloud Engineer Mphasis Java backend development at a large enterprise — Spring Boot microservices, Kafka for inter-service messaging, Postgres + Redis for storage. Worked on the customer onboarding flow which involved orchestrating multiple downstream services. Solid on the Spring ecosystem, transaction handling, and the operational side of Java services. Looking to either go deeper on distributed systems or expand into modern application stacks. Reinforcement Learning Spark Weights & Biases Accounting Six Sigma Webpack CSS Next.js Data Pipelines Tier-3 Engineering College Ph.D Computer Engineering