Sales Executive | Driving business outcomes Professional with 9.3+ years of experience. I've spent my career in marketing manager roles, mostly focused on driving outcomes through process, people, and customer relationships. Lately I've been curious about how AI tools could augment my work — I've experimented with ChatGPT and a few other tools for productivity and content creation, and I think the space is exciting. Open to roles where I can apply my domain expertise alongside emerging AI capabilities. Sales Executive Wipro Seattle Sales Executive Wipro Content writing and SEO strategy for a tech-focused publication. Wrote longform articles on developer tools, cloud platforms, and AI/ML topics — including some that ranked on the first page of search for high-competition keywords. Managed a freelance writer pool and the editorial calendar. Recent work has been on AI-assisted content production, using LLM tools for research, drafting, and editing while maintaining editorial quality. Content Writer TCS Content writing and SEO strategy for a tech-focused publication. Wrote longform articles on developer tools, cloud platforms, and AI/ML topics — including some that ranked on the first page of search for high-competition keywords. Managed a freelance writer pool and the editorial calendar. Recent work has been on AI-assisted content production, using LLM tools for research, drafting, and editing while maintaining editorial quality. Marketing Manager Wipro Content writing and SEO strategy for a tech-focused publication. Wrote longform articles on developer tools, cloud platforms, and AI/ML topics — including some that ranked on the first page of search for high-competition keywords. Managed a freelance writer pool and the editorial calendar. Recent work has been on AI-assisted content production, using LLM tools for research, drafting, and editing while maintaining editorial quality. Civil Engineer Wipro Content writing and SEO strategy for a tech-focused publication. Wrote longform articles on developer tools, cloud platforms, and AI/ML topics — including some that ranked on the first page of search for high-competition keywords. Managed a freelance writer pool and the editorial calendar. Recent work has been on AI-assisted content production, using LLM tools for research, drafting, and editing while maintaining editorial quality. Docker OpenCV ETL Snowflake Salesforce CRM Terraform SQL Regional Technical Institute B.E. Computer Science Local Engineering College M.S. Commerce