Content Writer | Driving business outcomes Professional with 7.7+ years of experience. My professional background is in marketing manager — I've built and led teams, owned KPIs, and driven business outcomes in this domain. Lately I've been curious about how AI tools could augment my work — I've experimented with ChatGPT and a few other tools for productivity and content creation, and I think the space is exciting. Open to roles where I can apply my domain expertise alongside emerging AI capabilities. Content Writer Hooli Sydney Content Writer Hooli Marketing leadership role at a B2B SaaS company. Owned the demand-generation function — content marketing, paid acquisition, SEO, email nurture. Built and managed a team of 5 across content, performance marketing, and marketing operations. Worked closely with sales on lead-quality definitions and the SDR-handoff process. Recent focus has been on account-based marketing for our enterprise segment. Project Manager Wayne Enterprises Marketing leadership role at a B2B SaaS company. Owned the demand-generation function — content marketing, paid acquisition, SEO, email nurture. Built and managed a team of 5 across content, performance marketing, and marketing operations. Worked closely with sales on lead-quality definitions and the SDR-handoff process. Recent focus has been on account-based marketing for our enterprise segment. Marketing Manager Wayne Enterprises Marketing leadership role at a B2B SaaS company. Owned the demand-generation function — content marketing, paid acquisition, SEO, email nurture. Built and managed a team of 5 across content, performance marketing, and marketing operations. Worked closely with sales on lead-quality definitions and the SDR-handoff process. Recent focus has been on account-based marketing for our enterprise segment. HTML CSS Content Writing Kubernetes Flask Weights & Biases Project Management Redis Docker Accounting Tier-3 Engineering College Ph.D Artificial Intelligence Generic State University M.S. Mathematics